Daniel Goodnow
November 6, 2013
CS202

STACKS AND QUEUES
=================

Stack Design Concepts:
The key design concepts involved were fairly simple. Two types of stacks were
implemented. The first method moves increments the top pointer of the stack as
data is pushed onto the stack. This way, data is never moved within the stack,
it is only added or removed. This method is simpler and less resource intensive. 
The second method keeps the top of the stack at the 0 index and moves existing
data in the stack up and down the array when data is pushed onto or popped from
the stack. This method is more easily visualized, however it is not as efficient
at runtime. 

Queue Design Concepts:
Two methods were implemented for queues. The first was rather simple, while the
second method is more difficult to conceptualize and program. The first method
keeps the front of the queue at the same position for the life of the queue. As
data is enqueued and dequeued, the existing data in the queue is shuffled up and
down the array. This method is easy to visualize, yet it is more inefficient
than the second method. The second method is called a 'wrap' style queue. Both
the front and the rear of the stack can be moved as data is added and removed.
This means that a queue can start near the end of an array and wrap around to
the beginning of the array. This makes working with the queue notably more
difficult because of the different possible configurations. The main advantage
to using a wrap-style queue is the more efficient use of computer resources
during runtime. 
