Daniel Goodnow
November 20, 2013
CS202
Project 11: Inheritance

Objective: 
==========

The objective of this project was to introduce inheritance using two classes
which are derived from a base class. Also, the runtime process of inheritance
was analyzed.

Inheritance:
============

Inheritance is the process of deriving more specific classes from a generic base
class. In this project, the base class is a person class. It includes the data
members first name, last name, age, and social security number. The first
derived class is an employee class which adds ID, title, and salary. The second
derived class is a student class which adds NSHE number, major, and gpa in
addition to the data present in the person class. 

Specifics:
==========

Each class contains several functions that are present in each of the class but
have different implementations. They all have different constructors and
destructors (although student and employee classes implicitly call the person
constructors and destructors). They also have different print and read functions
because of the different data members in the input file and to be printed. 

Observations:
=============

During testing of the project, several observations were made. First, by using
console output statements in the constructors, it is clear that the base
(person) constructor is implicitly called before the derived (student or
employee) constructor is called. Also, while experimenting with pointers and
arrays of these objects, it was determined that a person pointer can point to an
employee/student object, but it cannot be used to navigate through arrays of
employees/students, and it cannot access the members specific to the employee.
The former is most likely due to that a person pointer increments by the size
allocated for a person. Therefore, incrementing a pointer by the size of a
person through an array of employees would result with the pointer pointing to
erroneous locations in the array. 
